- <a name="smos-0.1.2">[smos 0.1.2](#smos0-1.2)
- <a name="smos-calendar-import-0.2.0">[smos-calendar-import 0.2.0](#smos-calendar-import0-2.0)
- <a name="smos-cursor-0.2.0">[smos-cursor 0.2.0](#smos-cursor0-2.0)
- <a name="smos-report-0.2.0">[smos-report 0.2.0](#smos-report0-2.0)
- <a name="smos-query-0.2.0">[smos-query 0.2.0](#smos-query0-2.0)
- <a name="smos-shell-0.0.0">[smos-shell 0.0.0](#smos-shell0-0.0)
- <a name="smos-web-server-0.1.1">[smos-web-server 0.1.1](#smos-web-server0-1.1)

##### Added

- `smos`: 
  You can now use Word-based movements in headers and contents.
  [cursor/#12](https://github.com/NorfairKing/cursor/pull/12)
  Thank you [@chiroptical](https://github.com/chiroptical)!
- `smos-shell`:
  A new package, to run smos commands in the browser without allowing full shell access.
- `smos`:
  It is now possible to hide timestamps.
  Timestamps of done entries are hidden by default.

##### Changed

- `smos-query`:
  It is now possible to run the work report without any context.
- `smos-query`:
  The work report now also shows overdue waiting entries.
- `smos-calendar-import`:
  The importer no longer fails on malformed URIs.
- `smos-calendar-import`:
  The importer no longer fails on all other sources if any of them fails to parse.
- `smos-calendar-import`:
  The importer now has a failing exit code if one of the sources failed to parse.
- `smos-web-server`:
  The web server now sanitises output from the smos instance to make extra-sure that no non-UTF8 text gets to the client.
- `smos`:
  When pressing `?` twice, the help screen now gets closed instead of ending up in a strange empty help screen state.
- `smos-query`:
  The stuck report now also takes timestamps of not-done entries into account.
- `smos-query`:
  The stuck report now takes a `--threshold` argument.
- `smos-query`:
  The work report now shows overdue stuck projects as well.
- `smos-query`:
  The work report now requires you to configure a timewindow property if you make use of the time filter feature.

##### Removed

- `smos-query`:
  The 'smart' mode for the work command has been removed. It is now the default.


