- <a name="smos-api-gen-0.2.0">[smos-api-gen-0.2.0](#smos-api-gen-0.2.0)
- <a name="smos-0.2.0">[smos-0.2.0](#smos-0.2.0)
- <a name="smos-github-0.1.0">[smos-github-0.1.0](#smos-github-0.1.0)
- <a name="smos-client-0.3.0">[smos-client-0.3.0](#smos-client-0.3.0)
- <a name="smos-report-0.3.1">[smos-report-0.3.1](#smos-report-0.3.1)
- <a name="smos-scheduler-0.1.3">[mos-scheduler-0.1.3](#smos-scheduler-0.1.3)
- <a name="smos-api-0.2.1">[smos-api-0.2.1](#smos-api-0.2.1)
- <a name="smos-query-0.3.0">[smos-query-0.3.0](#smos-query-0.3.0)
- <a name="smos-web-server-0.3.0">[smos-web-server-0.3.0](#smos-web-server-0.3.0)
- <a name="smos-calendar-import-0.2.2">[smos-calendar-import-0.2.2](#smos-calendar-import-0.2.2)
- <a name="smos-server-0.2.0">[smos-server-0.2.0](#smos-server-0.2.0)
- <a name="smos-notify-0.1.0">[smos-notify-0.1.0](#smos-notify-0.1.0)
- <a name="smos-server-gen-0.2.0">[smos-server-gen-0.2.0](#smos-server-gen-0.2.0)


##### Added

- `smos`: A keybinding to open the `url` property in smos: `<space>ou` by default.
- `smos-server`: Now performs auto-backups and backup garbage-collection beyond a maximum number of backups or backup size
- `smos-server`: Now performs automatic smos file format migration for the smos files and smos backup files it stores
- `smos-server`: Admin endpoint for the admin panel
- `smos-web-server`: Admin panel with basic user information

##### Changed

- `smos-github`: There is now a new column that suggests you to have another look at the issue/pr because there has been a recent enough update.
- `smos-github`: Done entries are no longer mentioned in the `list` report.
- `smos-github`: Show the state of the entries in the `list` report as well.
- `smos-query`: Always show "no todo state" as `(none)` instead of the empty string.
- `smos-web-server`: The footer icons now no longer overlap with the terminals.
- `smos-notify`: Include the time that the notification is about in the notification as well.
- `smos`: Fixed the way undo works in timestamps.
- `smos`: Fixed the way undo works in tags.
- `smos`: Fixed the way undo works in property names and property values.

