---
day: 2021-03-13
---

- <a name="smos-0.1.4">[smos 0.1.4](#smos-0.1.4)
- <a name="smos-cursor-0.2.1">[smos-cursor 0.2.1](#smos-cursor-0.2.1)
- <a name="smos-cursor-gen-0.1.1">[smos-cursor-gen 0.1.1](#smos-cursor-gen-0.1.1)
- <a name="smos-data-0.2.0">[smos-data 0.2.0](#smos-data-0.2.0)
- <a name="smos-data-gen-0.1.1">[smos-data-gen 0.1.1](#smos-data-gen-0.1.1)
- <a name="smos-query-0.2.2">[smos-query 0.2.2](#smos-query-0.2.2)
- <a name="smos-report-0.2.1">[smos-report 0.2.1](#smos-report-0.2.1)
- <a name="smos-report-cursor-0.1.1">[smos-report-cursor 0.1.1](#smos-report-cursor-0.1.1)
- <a name="smos-report-cursor-gen-0.1.1">[smos-report-cursor-gen 0.1.1](#smos-report-cursor-gen-0.1.1)
- <a name="smos-report-gen-0.1.1">[smos-report-gen 0.1.1](#smos-report-gen-0.1.1)
- <a name="smos-scheduler-0.1.1">[smos-scheduler 0.1.1](#smos-scheduler-0.1.1)
- <a name="smos-shell-0.0.1">[smos-shell 0.0.1](#smos-shell-0.0.1)
- <a name="smos-sync-client-0.1.1">[smos-sync-client 0.1.1](#smos-sync-client-0.1.1)
- <a name="smos-web-server-0.1.2">[smos-web-server 0.1.2](#smos-web-server-0.1.2)
- <a name="smos-web-style-0.0.0">[smos-web-style 0.0.0](#smos-web-style-0.0.0)

## Added

- `smos-query`:
  The 'timestamp' projection.
  You can now use `timestamp:DEADLINE` as a column in your reports.
- `smos`:
  Interactive agenda report with filter bar
- `smos`:
  Filter bar for the interactive waiting report
- `smos`:
  You can now exit any report using `Esc`, even when no file had been selected beforehand.
  Thank you [@ketzacoatl](https://github.com/ketzacoatl)!
- `smos`:
  Interactive stuck projects report
- `smos`:
  Filter bar for the built-in file browser
- `smos`:
  The `forestToggleCollapseEntryProperties` action, bound to `zp` by default.
- All commands:
  Autocompletion for the `--config-file` and `--workflow-dir` options.
- `smos`:
  The `propertiesEditProperty_goal` action, bound to `pg` by default.
- `smos`:
  Non-colour-based indicators of selection, for screens without colour or colour-blind users.
- `smos-query`:
  All reports are now bicoloured by default. This can be configured via the configuration file.
- `smos-web-server`:
  A fancy home page instead of just a login button.
  
## Changed

- `smos-data`:
  Allow spaces and parens in property values.
  Note that this means that smos files created in this new version of `smos` are potentially not backward compatible.
- `smos-scheduler`: Explicitly setting a header's `state` to `null` now leaves the generated state as null instead of setting it to `TODO`.
  Thank you [@prikhi](https://github.com/prikhi)!
- `smos-query`:
  Moved the work report warnings to above the  deadlines so that they are more in line with the order in which you should read the report.
- `smos-query` and `smos-report`:
  Moved all the static configuration of the work report out of `smos-query` into `smos-report` so that `smos` can access it for the interactive work report.
- `smos`:
  Hide properties of done entries on startup.
- `smos`:
  The waiting report is now drawn with the configured threshold, instead of always with threshold 7.




# <a name="2021-02-01">[2021-02-01 Release](#2021-02-01)

- <a name="smos-0.1.3">[smos 0.1.3](#smos-0.1.3)
- <a name="smos-query-0.1.2">[smos-query 0.1.2](#smos-query-0.1.2)
- <a name="smos-archive-0.2.0">[smos-archive 0.2.0](#smos-archive-0.2.0)


## Added

- `smos`: The `browserSelectFirst` and `browserSelectLast` actions, which are activated by `gg` and `G` respectively by default.
- `smos`: The `convArchiveFile` function, activated by `<space>fa` by default. You can use it to archive a file while looking at the file.
- Nixos module tests for home-manager configurations. The home manager module is now an official deliverable.

## Changed

- `smos-archive`: The timestamp appended to the filename during archiving now includes the local time of day instead of only the day.
- `smos`: The contents of an entry are now aligned with its state and header instead of with its list indicator.
- `smos`: Fixed a grammatical error in the description of the `entrySelectTagsFromBack` action.
- `smos`: Fixed incorrect logic with respect to displaying an ellipsis when parts of an entry were collapsed and selected.
- `smos`: Drastically reduced the idle CPU/memory usage by turning off idle GC.
- `smos`: Changed the lister character `-` to a space for a cleaner UI.
- `smos-query`: Fixed that check violations would not show up in the work report if the user had not configured any contexts.
- Converted all test suites to using [Sydtest](https://github.com/NorfairKing/sydtest) and fixed three sources of flakiness as a result.



