- <a name="smos-shell-smos-shell-0.1.0">[smos-shell smos-shell-0.1.0](#smos-shell-smos-shell-0.1.0)
- <a name="smos-report-gen-smos-report-gen-0.1.3">[smos-report-gen smos-report-gen-0.1.3](#smos-report-gen-smos-report-gen-0.1.3)
- <a name="smos-github-smos-github-0.2.0">[smos-github smos-github-0.2.0](#smos-github-smos-github-0.2.0)
- <a name="smos-client-smos-client-0.4.0">[smos-client smos-client-0.4.0](#smos-client-smos-client-0.4.0)
- <a name="smos-sync-client-smos-sync-client-0.2.0">[smos-sync-client smos-sync-client-0.2.0](#smos-sync-client-smos-sync-client-0.2.0)
- <a name="smos-report-smos-report-0.3.2">[smos-report smos-report-0.3.2](#smos-report-smos-report-0.3.2)
- <a name="smos-api-smos-api-0.2.2">[smos-api smos-api-0.2.2](#smos-api-smos-api-0.2.2)
- <a name="smos-query-smos-query-0.4.0">[smos-query smos-query-0.4.0](#smos-query-smos-query-0.4.0)
- <a name="smos-web-server-smos-web-server-0.4.0">[smos-web-server smos-web-server-0.4.0](#smos-web-server-smos-web-server-0.4.0)
- <a name="smos-server-smos-server-0.3.0">[smos-server smos-server-0.3.0](#smos-server-smos-server-0.3.0)

##### Added

- `smos-query`: You can now configure colours more specifically: The 8 standard terminal colours and 24bit colours.

##### Changed

- `smos` and `smos-query`: More strings are now recognised as durations: `5sec`, `6 min`, `7 hours`, etc... 
  This fixes [Issue 104](https://github.com/NorfairKing/smos/issues/104)
  See [PR 195](https://github.com/NorfairKing/smos/pull/195) for more details.
  Thank you [@ketzacoatl](https://github.com/ketzacoatl)!
- `smos-sync-client`: Now sends the `User-Agent` header with `smos-sync-client-<version>`.
- `smos-web-server`: Now sends the `User-Agent` header with `smos-web-server-<version>`.
- `smos-sync-client`: Retry authenticating (once) if authentication fails.
  This should prevent users from having to remove the `.cache/smos/sync-session.dat` cache file when authentication fails because in the way authentication works.
- `smos-sync-client`: More descriptive error messages if login fails.
- `smos-sync-client`: Use the logger for warnings, so you can now ignore them by setting the log level higher than `LevelWarn`.
- `smos-client`: A bit of a nicer error message when something goes wrong during the client's api-version check.
- `smos-sync-client`: Use a separate lock file from the database file itself to lock the database.
  This prevents a `SQLITE_BUSY` infinite retry problem. See [Issue 202](https://github.com/NorfairKing/smos/issues/202) and [PR 203](https://github.com/NorfairKing/smos/pull/203).
  Thank you [@jhbertra](https://github.com/jhbertra)!
- `smos-query`: Fixed that `smos-query` was not taking into account certain configurations for the `work`, `waiting` and `stuck` reports.
  This fixes [Issue 201](https://github.com/NorfairKing/smos/issues/201)
  Thank you [@vidocco](https://github.com/vidocco)!

##### Removed

- `smos-query`:
  Ripped out the functionality where you could configure smos-query in haskell.
  This functionality was complex and has already caused multiple bugs.
  It turns out that there is no need for this functionality because you can configure everything in smos-query with the different ways of option parsing.
  This is unlike `smos` where configuring it in Haskell is actually useful because you can define your own actions to key-bind.
  This change does not affect users that don't use `smos-query` as a library.
