- <a name="smos-0.5.0">[smos 0.5.0](#smos-0.5.0)
- <a name="smos-archive-0.3.2">[smos-archive 0.3.2](#smos-archive-0.3.2)
- <a name="smos-calendar-import-0.5.0">[smos-calendar-import 0.5.0](#smos-calendar-import-0.5.0)
- <a name="smos-cursor-0.5.0">[smos-cursor 0.5.0](#smos-cursor-0.5.0)
- <a name="smos-data-0.5.0">[smos-data 0.5.0](#smos-data-0.5.0)
- <a name="smos-data-gen-0.3.0">[smos-data-gen 0.3.0](#smos-data-gen-0.3.0)
- <a name="smos-github-0.5.0">[smos-github 0.5.0](#smos-github-0.5.0)
- <a name="smos-query-0.7.2">[smos-query 0.7.2](#smos-query-0.7.2)
- <a name="smos-report-0.7.0">[smos-report 0.7.0](#smos-report-0.7.0)
- <a name="smos-report-cursor-0.3.0">[smos-report-cursor 0.3.0](#smos-report-cursor-0.3.0)
- <a name="smos-report-cursor-gen-0.2.0">[smos-report-cursor-gen 0.2.0](#smos-report-cursor-gen-0.2.0)
- <a name="smos-report-gen-0.4.0">[smos-report-gen 0.4.0](#smos-report-gen-0.4.0)
- <a name="smos-scheduler-0.3.2">[smos-scheduler 0.3.2](#smos-scheduler-0.3.2)
- <a name="smos-server-0.6.1">[smos-server 0.6.1](#smos-server-0.6.1)
- <a name="smos-server-gen-0.4.2">[smos-server-gen 0.4.2](#smos-server-gen-0.4.2)
- <a name="smos-sync-client-0.4.2">[smos-sync-client 0.4.2](#smos-sync-client-0.4.2)

### Added

* `smos-report`: "By header", "By state" and "By timestamp" sorters.
* `smos-github`: An "import" command for importing github issues and pull requests into a smos project.
* `smos` and `smos-query`: The work report now warns against projects without a next state.

### Changed

* `smos-calendar-import`: Import sources in parallel, instead of one by one.
* `smos-calendar-import`: Render the event `UID` as a property and the original event in contents when `--debug` is used.
* `smos`: When opening a file, the uncollapse rule has been changed to skip over entries without a state.

  Before:

  ```
  Top
    DONE something done
  ❯ some info with no state 
    NEXT thing to do
  ```

  After:

  ```
  Top
    DONE something done
    some info with no state 
  ❯ NEXT thing to do
  ```
* `smos`: Contents with carriage return or tab characters can now be shown in smos correctly.
* `smos-report`: Fixed a bug where some filters could not be parsed because they contained substrings `"or"` or `"and"`.
* Home manager module: Fixed the naming of systemd services to be prefixed by `smos-` for easier tab-completion.
* `smos-data`: Simplified time-related data parsing.
* `smos-data`: Fixed a bug where sometimes todo state histories where not considered valid when they should be.
* `smos-data`: Upgraded to data format `2.0.0`, which allows timestamps to be less precise.
* `smos-scheduler`: Use atomic durable writes for the state, so that the state never gets lost when something goes wrong during a write.
* `smos-sync-client`: Use atomic durable writes for the login session, so that the session never gets lost when something goes wrong during a write.
* `smos-archive`: Don't mark entries without a state as cancelled while archiving
